This is release 2.2 of TinyMUCK, a user-extendible,
user-programmable multi-user adventure game.  Please see the CHANGES
file for a list of changes from the previous version.

TinyMUCK was derived from TinyMUD v1.5.2, with extensive modifications.
There were two new commands: @action and @attach, and two new flags:
CHOWN_OK and JUMP_OK.  It also has options for users of FireFoot's patches.

Note:	TinyMUCK will read, without modification, any TinyMUD
	databases.
	This version of TinyMUCK is backward compatible in terms of
	databases with all previous MUD/MUCK databases, but it writes
	out databases in it' own unique format.

Documentation exists in several files, read Documentation to find out
what's what.

I recommend that non-MUF programmers read MUD.doc and MUCK.doc, and
MUF programers read MUF-tutorial, MUF.Manual and forth.ref.
technical.doc should be read by system administrators and people who
wish to hack TinyMUCK.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
As far as copyright, I don't particularly care what you do with this
program.  Use at your own risk, please don't try to make money from
it.
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Compiling TinyMUCK:

The code is written in ANSI C, and is known to compile and run under
ULTRIX/BSD 4.3/SunOS 4.1 on a VAX 8600, VAX 6400, DEC 3100s/5000s, a
MicroVAX, a Sun SparcStation/1, and a Sun 3/50.  TinyMUCK is also
known to have run on a HP9k260, as well as a NeXT.  As far as other
platforms, you're on your own.

Sun realloc() is braindead.  On every Sun system I have seen, TinyMUCK
runs about 6 megs in memory with a very small database if the option
DB_DOUBLING is not defined.  If you are running on a Sun3 or Sun4,
you should definitely compile with this option turned on.  Let me
know if there are other systems that need this.

Note that interface3.c and conc.c will cause GCC to BARF like crazy.
Ignore all of it's warnings unless they cause compilation not to work.
See CONCMUCK.README for more details.

Programs contained in the distribution:

netmuck

 This is the actual server program; it is invoked as 

    netmuck source-file dump-file [port]

If port is not specified it defaults to 4201.  The initial database
will be read in from source-file, which must contain at least the two
objects in minimal.db to work well.  The file small.db, which contains
the core of the original TinyMUD universe, may be a better place to
start a new universe from.  The netmuck process will write a checkpoint
out to dump-file every 60000 seconds; the interval can be changed by
setting DUMP_INTERVAL in config.h.

    cnetmuck <source-file> <dump-file> [-D]

restart

  This is a bourne shell script which starts the netmuck program.
  It is invoked as:

    restart dbase-prefix
eg.,
    restart minimal

    This will restart the netmuck process using the file minimal.db.new,
    or, failing that, the file minimal.db.  The source file is renamed
    and the output is sent to minimal.db.new.  See the shell script for
    more info.

decompress

 Usage: decompress < compressed-db-file > uncompressed-db-file

 Removes compression from a database file that has been generated by
 netmuck using the -DCOMPRESS compile-time option.

The TinyMUD programs "dump", "sanity-check", "extract" and "paths" have
not yet been converted to the TinyMUCK database format.

I hope that you enjoy using TinyMUCK.  Please send all bug reports, etc.
to sfwhite@watcgl.waterloo.edu.

Stephen "Ghondahrl" White, March 22, 1990.

---------------------------------------
Stephen White has since then stopped working on MUCK code, as has
Lachesis, and so I'm now "the guy" supporting it.

As with him, I don't really care what you do with it, just send me any
patches that you've made so that I can put them into the next release.
I most definitely do not want tens of thousands of "patches" out there
for TinyMUCK --- it makes it hard for me to make the database format
backward-compatible for your benefit.

Sanity has been put back into the package.  It is run by typing:

	sanity <dbasefile >reportfile

And will print its progress as it proceeds.

I may be contacted by mailing to:

	rearl@belch.berkeley.edu

or when that fails,

	rearl@grunt.berkeley.edu

Please, before you add primitives to TinyMUCK, write me and I will
tell you what range of numbers you may use as primtives.  (Local
changes please use the specified range in technical.doc)

When you send me change files, please send entire files, and not
diffs.

If you plan to become a TinyMUCK developer, please write me.  I will
provide information on who's working on what, what's being worked on,
what programming practices to avoid, and possibly a bit of technical
help.  If you just hack on your site and have no desire whatsoever to
spread your software to any other sites, there is no need for you to
do this, but don't whine if future version of TinyMUCK do things in a
different way, or if something crops up that makes your way of doing
things break.
